# Top 13 *Avoided Topics*

1. **Jen Senko**. Jen Senko's 2015 "Stand Up For The Little Guy" nonfiction film about her dad. Jen Senko is a baby boomer who stood up to right-wing media for the sake of her father and We The People in general. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Brainwashing_of_My_Dad
   * It is my **Brain Rot Assertion** ( ToDo: Collapsible section? ) that every time someone complains about "Fox News", "Newsmax", "Alex Jones" they have failed in their civic duty if they do not name-drop the film title or Jen Senko's name. Stand up for the Little Gal!

2. **Dr. Bandy X Lee**. In year 2017, Dr. Bandy X Lee stood up. "In 2017, Lee organized a conference at Yale on the mental health of Donald Trump" https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bandy_X._Lee
   * It is my **Brain Rot Assertion** that every time someone comments: { Insane, Crazy, Dementia, Demented, Syphilitic, Senile, Batshit (Crazy), Bonkers, Nuts, Mentally Unwell } and related terms... they had a civic duty to name-drop the organization efforts books published by Dr. Bandy X Lee.

3. **Surkov**. Vladislav Surkov. Vlad Putin, Vlad Surkov, Two Vlads. **October 20, 2011** stable established reference point of clarity that we should all be quoting, citing, linking. https://www.LBR.co.UK/the-paper/v33/n20/peter-pomerantsev/putin-s-rasputin
   * The October 20, 2011 story is an early warning of Trump. And it is FAR ENOUGH back, before Trump became the center of all media systems attention and focus. Reminder: July 6, 2011 - that same year https://theoutline.com/post/2445/trump-s-first-real-tweet-was-on-july-6-2011 when Twitter + Donald Trump started to steamroll society with Tweet power.
   * December 5, 2014 book reading in a book store in Washington D.C. USA. https://www.youtube.com/clip/UgkxGLMkhbMgSwzWeQK7xYIBJ-nxn_UlzOdZ  time index of 7:55 in total video. "would go on to **call the Fifth World War**. The first nonlinear war of all against all. Which is a description by Vladislav Surkov, who sort of the ennui ??? of Russian politics, of the current (year 2014) war around Ukraine. um, so, I started working in Russian TV"

5.  **Andrew Postman**. February 2, 2017 https://www.theguardian.com/media/2017/feb/02/amusing-ourselves-to-death-neil-postman-trump-orwell-huxley
    * It is my **Brain Rot Assertion** that every time someone complains about { "The Media", "Mainstream media", "news", "news coverage", "media", "Fox News", "CBS" } and related terms... they have a civic duty to cite Neil Postman's 184 page book and this February 2, 2017 deceleration of Andrew Postman.
    * It is a symptom of *"Brain Rot Society 47** concern that people are avoiding nonfiction serious **on the same page** at the same time shared understanding of complex and difficult to face emotionally painful topics!

6.  **Luigi Mangione**. It is a fundamental mistake to name-drop "Luigi" and not mention that he is a price of a golf-course real estate empire. Similar to Donald Trump's family.
    * I consider this an important assertion about his family wealth and golf-course associations. Because it highlights the anti-nonfiction book aspect of society.
    * It is my **Brain Rot Assertion** that since December 4, 2024 the AVOIDANCE of people name-dropping and mentioning the January 1944 Second Bill of Rights is another symptom of mass brain rot. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Second_Bill_of_Rights
    * What good is free health care if land-lords like the Mangione family and Trump family give society free medical by **raising rent and housing prices** from $1,800 a month to $4,200 a month? We The People are not looking at the forest for the trees. Housing crisis has been part of the health insurance cost crisis.
    * The gunman put a message on the bullet. And **Brain Rot Society 47** concern is the avoidance of nonfiction serious learning. it is not enough for the Reddit social to name-drop "Luigi". We MUST WITNESS and CALL OUT the Brain Rot behavior of avoiding the nonfiction book that was rotting on the public library shelves since year 2010 publication! 256 pages of nonfiction we should all be quoting EVERY TIME people mention or discuss Luigi! https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Delay,_Deny,_Defend
  
7. Measles and Russia. Vaccination and Russia. August 24, 2018 this was covered the world over. https://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-45294192
   * It is my **Brain Rot Assertion** that this August 24, 2018 date should be regularly mentioned any time COVID-19 or measles topic comes up. "Mark Dredze from Johns Hopkins University", "David Broniatowski from George Washington University.", "St Petersburg-based Internet Research Agency (IRA)"

8. **Pro-FAQ**. We need revival of FAQ, we need multi-contributor Wiki systems, we need to organize better in our **We The People assertions**. We The People are not naming our movements and how to dive deeper into topics. The "Epstein" name dropping all over social media in year 2024 and year 2025 was too simplistic. There was no "named list" of concerns and facts. There is no organization.
   * It is my **Brain Rot Assertion**. We witness and experience a flood of low-effort spam commenting that does not lead people to getting on the same page. June 2025 to November 2025 you would see "Epstein" name mentioned, but this is not enough! We The People need to be sharing and asserting a richer and vaster destination. "Jefferey Epstein Top 13 FAQ List", not just two words "Epstein List". And if a person wants to lend their name to it or create a GitHub or Git project (on non Microsoft Git platforms)... give it a NAMED LIST! "Lolita Epstein FAQ", or "Lolita Epstein Top 25 concerns" list. That people can use search engines. As so many social sites spam-filter repeat URL off-site links. But We can at least NAME a list of priorities and topics and not just put the word "Epstein" out all over the Internet.
   * "Epstein Affairs FAQ", "Epstein Organized Crime FAQ". "Stephen Colbert's Epstein FAQ" - named list examples. People can say "there are new updates to the Colbert Epstein FAQ! And not just say "Prosecute Epstein!" messages that do not lead people to organized learning and study. That is the concern of the "Brain Rot Society 47"... to get people on the same page as priorities. Herding cats...

9. **Real People Admit**. Real people admit Reality Itself. Come clean, bare your soul. ADMIT what billionaires have done to YOU!
   * Admit you have lost friends and family to MAGA conflicts. Tell stories
   * Admit that anti-vaccination anti-reality anti-science bullshit concerns you and keeps you up at night. Admit you are bothered!
   * Admit that billionaire Rupert Murdoch has manipulated people you know and that you are unable to combat it alone! That Fox News has harmed your community and people you have personally encountered. Admit we are WEAK in the face of billionaire media brainwashing! (Again, name-drop Jen Senko!)
    * Admit that the health care red-tape and paperwork is exhausting and demoralizing and demotivating. Admit the truth, admit reality. Nazi Germany was famous for paperwork and "papers please". Admit it is a control system and the impact it has on your own self and people you have witnessed.
    * Admit that you don't have children, or in custody battles over your children, because of the billionaires predatory Epstein-billionaires society. Admit you avoided adopting a child. Admit that you have a 7 year old kid and you are horrified what Putin is doing in Ukraine, or horrified the anti-goodness clergy values of the Palestine situation or Sudan situation or the horror of raising a daughter in Iran or Afghanistan!
    * * "The unformulated message of an assembly of news items from every quarter of the globe is that the world today is one city. All war is civil war. All suffering is our own." - University of Toronto, Marshall McLuhan https://en.WikiQuote.org/wiki/Marshall_McLuhan
    * Admit that billionaires created ChatGPT and Grok AI and other artificial intelligence systems and you now have trouble with everything on the Internet being a booby-trapped bullshit pile. Artificial information, garbage, trash has favored the billionaires and not you! Anti-nonfiction society sucks! Admit it, out loud, please! The billionaires have added mental stress and confusion to our lives since year 2022 when ChatGPT came onto the scene!

10. **Great Seal USA** education. Spiritual ideals, actually the BEST SIDE of the founding fathers.
    * It is my **Brain Rot Assertion** that people can not say "Nile river in Africa is where the pyramid is", "In USA year 1776, the number 13 was considered lucky, not a Friday the 13 horror association like today".
    * If you think it is some secret code, and it is now 250 years old, you think nobody has cracked the code? Joseph Campbell (professor at Sarah Lawrence College in New York) published it in two different books in year 1987 "Inner Reaches of Outer Space" https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Inner_Reaches_of_Outer_Space and in 1988 "Power of Myth". www.GreatSealUSA.com has nonfiction book quotes.
